Init (#1)
mate-academy/jv-web-intro: README.md

# Web intro

- Display `Hello World` in your browser

> - Refactor DAO and Service layers using GenericDao and GenericService (if you haven't done it yet)

Reviewer: @Resci Не логічно. Тому що в тебе в пул реквесті код уже відрекфакторений

- configure web.xml
- add new dependencies `servlet-api` and `maven-war-plugin` in `pom.xml` (remember about `<packaging>war</packaging>`)
- create IndexController
- create index.jsp

> __Before submitting solution make sure you checked it first with__ [checklist](https://mate-academy.github.io/jv-program-fulltime/02_jdbc/checklist/07_servlets_intro_checklist.html)

Reviewer: Краще винести в окремий пакет
 ```suggestion
__Before submitting solution make sure you checked it first with__ [checklist](https://mate-academy.github.io/jv-program-fulltime/03_web/checklist/01_servlets_intro_checklist.html)
```
